# The Ultimate 2024 Quiz
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/0cJI4zzCCCs>
#### Description: For my Final Project, I created a game that can be played in the terminal in the language of C. The game is a quiz, about 2024, where you can chose from 3 different levels, 1, 2, or 3(3 being the hardest). The game counts your score and even has a starting animation! The first level has the easier question, and most people who don't follow much of the latest news will be able to get more than a 1 or 2 on the quiz. But the second, is a bit harder, requiring a bit more of knowledge on what went on throughout the year. And the third, will require a VERY good understanding of what happened throughout 2024. Since I made these questions on my own, I wasn't able to diversify all the questions, since my knowledge to is limited. But I did read a couple news articles to help create more well rounded questions. These questions don't only test you on one topic or industry but much more. Coming to the code part of it, when taking back a response from the user, the code allows the answer to be either lowercase or uppercase, and the answer will have the same result. I did so to avoid a missunderstanding where if the user types in CAPS lock, they shouldn't necessarily lose points. Instead of taking in the level the user wishes to play at as a simple input, the program takes it in through a command line arguement. This way it saves some time and doesn't require an extra print/request for level. The code also ensures that the user has enough time to go through their mistakes or corrections before starting the next question via the sleep function. After every question, the program goes to sleep for 2 seconds, ensuring they have enough time to read the previous questions answers. The welcoming statements also incoorperate this feature, creating a suspensfull animation right before the quiz begins. For the introductory animation, I used multiple for loops and print statements to ensure a smooth animation. I did this because I thought it would be a cool way to seperate/ make my program unique from other terminal projects. The reason why I chose this for a project, was to really show how much went on in 2024, because often times we forget just how much happens in one year, especially since this year flew by. I thought this quiz would be a cool way of showcasing my coding skills and also achieving what I wanted to do for a while now. For my language, I chose to go with C. One of the first coding languages I ever learnt was python, and at the time it was my favorite. But after being introduced to C, I really enjoy it, and I find it to be a bit simpler(not sure why) even though logically both coding languages do pretty much serve the same purpose. And since I already knew a lot of python before starting CS50, I thought I would try challenging myself  by writing the code for this project in C. After completing it, I am extremely happy with how it turned out. I myself was surprised how quickly I was able to put this program together. And after finishing this, I want to try converting this program into other languages for other types of interfaces, maybe even try to create a HTML website for this game. I think doing a project on my own has really opened my eyes on how much is possible and how much I can do. As now, this one project has opened so many doors. At the beginning of CS50 I found the theory lessons to be a bit boring and rather dry as a subject, but now I understand that understanding and interpreting those lessons well lays the ground work for all future coding skills, as without those basics, I wouldn't be able to finish this project. In the end I really want to thank all of the CS50 Staff for helping bring a course this wonderful to the masses. For the past year or so I've been searching for a computer science course for me to do as an introduction, but I was unable to find anything useful, but after completing this course I am eternally grateful for having this opportunity. I look forward to creating a lot more projects such as this one in the future, and I hope you like it.
TODO
